+++
title = "Tool use produces a size illusion revealing action-specific perceptual mechanisms"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-02-28"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jihyun Suh", "Richard A. Abrams"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Acta Psychologica"
publication_short = "Acta Psychol"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In four experiments, participants estimated the sizes of target objects that were 
either out of reach, or that could be reached by a tool (a stylus or laser pointer). Objects 
reachable with the aid of a tool were perceived to be smaller than identical objects without a 
tool. Participants' responses to questioning rule out demand characteristics as an 
explanation. This new size illusion may reflect a direct impact of tool use on perceived size, 
or it may stem from the effects of tool use on perceived distance. Both possibilities support 
action specific accounts of perception."
# abstract_short = "A short version of the abstract."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "pdf/my-paper-name.pdf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "point.jpg"
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
